Add GCP vault in 2.8.1.3 (#4144)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.8.x/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/getting-started.md

---
title: Get Started with Secrets Management
---

Secrets are generally confidential values that should not appear in plain text in the application. There are several products that help you
store, retrieve, and rotate these secrets securely. {{site.base_gateway}} offers a mechanism to set up references to these secrets which makes your {{site.base_gateway}}
installation more secure.

## Getting started

{:.note}
> This feature isn't enabled by default in this version of {{site.base_gateway}}.
><br>
> Start {{site.base_gateway}} with `KONG_VAULTS=bundled KONG_VAULTS_USE_NEW_STYLE_API=on`.
><br>

> > When running in Hybrid or DBLess mode, Secrets Management is only supported in {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.8.1.3 and greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When running {{site.base_gateway}} in hybrid or DB-less mode, secrets management is only supported in {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.1.3 or later.
```
